Business A&M has made a strong contribution.
I guess I would prefer it still be all male, all military, because that's the way it was when I went.
What have we not included?
I can think of only one more question I need to ask you, but have we left out some important topics?
No, I think not, but I'll think of some tomorrow.
Well, when we send the typescript back, we'll add.
My last question then is this one.
What feelings do you carry in your heart for Texas A&M now?
I think it is a place where I wanted my sons to go.
One of them went, one of them didn't.
Where I want my grandsons to go, three of them have gone.
The three of them are going now and others will probably.
I think it is a place that affords a young man a chance to learn how to conduct himself so as to be respected and admired.
And it's very self-serving for me to say it.
I am reasonably respected and admired for my life.
From people that know me, I'm reasonably, I think more so having gone to A&M than I would be if I had gone someplace else.
I think A&M has taught me a significant thing about
how to conduct my life and it's given me people that I try to image myself after that I admire and respect and I think violence A&M was very good for me and I'm very
I'm very indebted to A&M.
I say in my life, I think I have been very successful.
I'm well satisfied with the accomplishments I've made and I think I'm reasonably well respected for... You certainly are.
...having gotten a good education and having used it.
And I think a great deal of that's due to the fact that I had good professors at A&M and I had good people at A&M that led me to try to achieve what they have achieved.
That's a good idea.